[FIX] Fix subject-level anatomical BIDS lookup (#6433)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

Fixes
-----

- :bdg-dark:`Code` Fix :func:`~interfaces.bids.get_bids_files` missing
  subject-level anatomical derivatives in multi-session datasets. Matching
  session-level anatomical derivatives are preferred, while functional file

>   lookups remain session-specific (:gh:`6291` by `Mohammad Sadeghi Hardengi`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :bdg-dark:`Code` Fix :func:`~interfaces.bids.get_bids_files` missing subject-level anatomical derivatives in multi-session datasets (:gh:`6291` by `Mohammad Sadeghi Hardengi`_).
```
